>> Estelle Weyl: Let's talk
about border properties.
So, again, colors,
use any color type you want,
the default is current color.
So, the default for
background color was transparent.
The default for
border color is current color.
>> Estelle Weyl: None and hidden,
I would have actually assumed
that hidden would take up space,
and it doesn't seem to be.
Then, we have dotted and
dashed, solid, double, groove,
ridge, inset and outset.
>> Estelle Weyl: Those
are your styles.
>> Estelle Weyl: You need to declare,
a style in your background, I mean,
in your border shorthand or
else you won't have a border.
It can say three pixels and a color and
you still won't have a border,
because it needs to have the style.
That's the only thing that is required,
because the default is three pixels, or
medium, rather.
The default is medium width, and
the default color is current color.
So it has defaults for those, but
the default for
border on most properties is none.
It used to be that you'd have, by default,
border on images no, on linked images.
So border width, the default is medium.
You can say thin, medium, thick, inherit
or provide one to four length values.
And the length values are in the trouble
order which is top, right, bottom, left.
And I think everyone knows this already,
so we have border style, border width.
And then border color, and
then we have the border short hand.
Again, the style is required,
the width defaults to medium and
the color defaults to current color.
An interesting thing to note,
which will hit during animations and
transitions is when you have
a shorthand property such as border.
And you animate the border, which don't
animate the border cuz it looks hideous.
But if you're going to animate the border
and you're gonna use the border shorthand,
your animation and transition events
are actually there's gonna be 12 of them.
There's gonna be one for top-right, or
top border color, top border length,
top border color if you're doing it,
right border,
so you can have up to 12 if
you're animating 12 of them.
So for every time there's a transition
of a property and it ends, it throws
a transition end event and you can end
up having 12 transition end events.